201. What Snowflake features allow virtual warehouses to handle high concurrency workloads? (Choose two.)

A. The ability to scale up warehouses
B. The use of warehouse auto scaling
C. The ability to resize warehouses
D. Use of multi-clustered warehouses
E. The use of warehouse indexing

Ans: BD

202. Which COPY INTO command outputs the data into one file?

A. SINGLE=TRUE
B. MAX_FILE_NUMBER=1
C. FILE_NUMBER=1
D. MULTIPLE=FALSE

Ans: A

203. In which scenarios would a user have to pay Cloud Services costs? (Choose two.)

A. Compute Credits = 50 Credits Cloud Services = 10
B. Compute Credits = 80 Credits Cloud Services = 5
C. Compute Credits = 100 Credits Cloud Services = 9
D. Compute Credits = 120 Credits Cloud Services = 10
E. Compute Credits = 200 Credits Cloud Services = 26

Ans: AE

A: 10/50 = 20% (exceeds 10%)
B: 5/80 = 6.25% (does not exceed 10%)
C: 9/100 = 9% (does not exceed 10%)
D: 10/120 = 8.33% (does not exceed 10%)
E: 26/200 = 13% (exceeds 10%)

Based on your calculations, the scenarios where Cloud Services costs exceed 10% of the Compute Costs are A and E. 
Therefore, in these scenarios, the user would have to pay Cloud Services cost

204. A user created a new worksheet within the Snowsight UI and wants to share this with teammates.

How can this worksheet be shared?

A. Create a zero-copy clone of the worksheet and grant permissions to teammates.
B. Create a private Data Exchange so that any teammate can use the worksheet.
C. Share the worksheet with teammates within Snowsight.
D. Create a database and grant all permissions to teammates.

Ans: C

205. How can a row access policy be applied to a table or a view? (Choose two.)

A. Within the policy DDL
B. Within the create table or create view DDL
C. By future APPLY for all objects in a schema
D. Within a control table
E. Using the command ALTER ADD ROW ACCESS POLICY ;

Ans: BE

206. Which command can be used to load data files into a Snowflake stage?

A. JOIN
B. COPY INTO
C. PUT
D. GET

Ans: C

(up)load to stage - PUT
(up)load from stage - COPY INTO FROM @
unload to stage - COPY INTO @
download from stage - GET

207. What types of data listings are available in the Snowflake Data Marketplace? (Choose two.)

A. Reader
B. Consumer
C. Vendor
D. Standard
E. Personalized

Ans: DE

208. What is the maximum Time Travel retention period for a temporary Snowflake table?

A. 90 days
B. 1 day
C. 7 days
D. 45 days

Ans: B

209. When should a multi-cluster warehouse be used in auto-scaling mode?

A. When it is unknown how much compute power is needed
B. If the select statement contains a large number of temporary tables or Common Table Expressions (CTEs)
C. If the runtime of the executed query is very slow
D. When a large number of concurrent queries are run on the same warehouse
 
Ans: D

210. What happens when a cloned table is replicated to a secondary database? (Choose two.)

A. A read-only copy of the cloned tables is stored.
B. The replication will not be successful.
C. The physical data is replicated.
D. Additional costs for storage are charged to a secondary account.
E. Metadata pointers to cloned tables are replicated.

Ans: CE

211. Snowflake supports the use of external stages with which cloud platforms? (Choose three.)

A. Amazon Web Services
B. Docker
C. IBM Cloud
D. Microsoft Azure Cloud
E. Google Cloud Platform
F. Oracle Cloud

Ans: ADE

212. What is a limitation of a Materialized View?

A. A Materialized View cannot support any aggregate functions
B. A Materialized View can only reference up to two tables
C. A Materialized View cannot be joined with other tables
D. A Materialized View cannot be defined with a JOIN

Ans: D

213. In the Snowflake access control model, which entity owns an object by default?

A. The user who created the object
B. The SYSADMIN role
C. Ownership depends on the type of object
D. The role used to create the object

Ans: D

214. What is the minimum Snowflake edition required to use Dynamic Data Masking?

A. Standard
B. Enterprise
C. Business Critical
D. Virtual Private Snowflake (VPC)

Ans: B

215. Which services does the Snowflake Cloud Services layer manage? (Choose two.)

A. Compute resources
B. Query execution
C. Authentication
D. Data storage
E. Metadata

Ans: CE

216. A company needs to allow some users to see Personally Identifiable Information (PII) while limiting other users from seeing the full value of the PII.

Which Snowflake feature will support this?

A. Row access policies
B. Data masking policies
C. Data encryption
D. Role based access control

Ans: B

217. A user has unloaded data from a Snowflake table to an external stage.

Which command can be used to verify if data has been uploaded to the external stage named my_stage?

A. view @my_stage
B. list @my_stage
C. show @my_stage
D. display @my_stage

Ans: B

The list command in Snowflake is used to list the files in a stage.
By specifying the external stage my_stage with the @ symbol (@my_stage), 
the command will list the files uploaded to that specific stage, allowing you to verify if the data has been unloaded successfully.


218. Which tasks are performed in the Snowflake Cloud Services layer? (Choose two.)

A. Management of metadata
B. Computing the data
C. Maintaining Availability Zones
D. Infrastructure security
E. Parsing and optimizing queries

Ans: AE

219. What is true about sharing data in Snowflake? (Choose two.)

A. The Data Consumer pays for data storage as well as for data computing.
B. The shared data is copied into the Data Consumer account, so the Consumer can modify it without impacting the base data of the Provider.
C. A Snowflake account can both provide and consume shared data.
D. The Provider is charged for compute resources used by the Data Consumer to query the shared data.
E. The Data Consumer pays only for compute resources to query the shared data.

Ans: CE

220.The following JSON is stored in a VARIANT column called src of the CAR_SALES table:



A user needs to extract the dealership information from the JSON.

How can this be accomplished?

A. select src:dealership from car_sales; Most Voted
B. select src.dealership from car_sales;
C. select src:Dealership from car_sales;
D. select dealership from car_sales;

Ans: A

221.Which of the following significantly improves the performance of selective point lookup queries on a table?

A. Clustering
B. Materialized Views
C. Zero-copy Cloning
D. Search Optimization Service

Ans: D

222. Which of the following accurately describes shares?

A. Tables, secure views, and secure UDFs can be shared
B. Shares can be shared
C. Data consumers can clone a new table from a share
D. Access to a share cannot be revoked once granted

ANS: A

223.What are best practice recommendations for using the ACCOUNTADMIN system-defined role in Snowflake? (Choose two.)

A. Ensure all ACCOUNTADMIN roles use Multi-factor Authentication (MFA).
B. All users granted ACCOUNTADMIN role must be owned by the ACCOUNTADMIN role.
C. The ACCOUNTADMIN role must be granted to only one user.
D. Assign the ACCOUNTADMIN role to at least two users, but as few as possible.
E. All users granted ACCOUNTADMIN role must also be granted SECURITYADMIN role.

Ans: AD

224.In the query profiler view for a query, which components represent areas 
that can be used to help optimize query performance? (Choose two.)

A. Bytes scanned
B. Bytes sent over the network
C. Number of partitions scanned
D. Percentage scanned from cache
E. External bytes scanned

Ansa: AC

225. What is the minimum Snowflake edition required for row level security?

A. Standard
B. Enterprise
C. Business Critical
D. Virtual Private Snowflake

Ans: B

226. The is the minimum Fail-safe retention time period for transient tables?

A. 1 day
B. 7 days
C. 12 hours
D. 0 days

Ans: D

227. What is a machine learning and data science partner within the Snowflake Partner Ecosystem?

A. Informatica
B. Power BI
C. Adobe
D. Data Robot

Ans: D

228. Which statements are correct concerning the leveraging of third-party data from the Snowflake Data Marketplace? (Choose two.)

A. Data is live, ready-to-query, and can be personalized.
B. Data needs to be loaded into a cloud provider as a consumer account.
C. Data is not available for copying or moving to an individual Snowflake account.
D. Data is available without copying or moving.
E. Data transformations are required when combining Data Marketplace datasets with existing data in Snowflake.

Ans: AD

229. What impacts the credit consumption of maintaining a materialized view? (Choose two.)

A. Whether or not it is also a secure view
B. How often the underlying base table is queried
C. How often the base table changes
D. Whether the materialized view has a cluster key defined
E. How often the materialized view is queried

Ans: CD

230. What COPY INTO SQL command should be used to unload data into multiple files?

A. SINGLE=TRUE
B. MULTIPLE=TRUE
C. MULTIPLE=FALSE
D. SINGLE=FALSE

Ans: D

231. When cloning a database containing stored procedures and regular views, 
that have fully qualified table references, which of the following will occur?

A. The cloned views and the stored procedures will reference the cloned tables in the cloned database.
B. An error will occur, as views with qualified references cannot be cloned.
C. An error will occur, as stored objects cannot be cloned.
D. The stored procedures and views will refer to tables in the source database.

Ans: D

232. When loading data into Snowflake, how should the data be organized?

A. Into single files with 100-250 MB of compressed data per file
B. Into single files with 1-100 MB of compressed data per file
C. Into files of maximum size of 1 GB of compressed data per file
D. Into files of maximum size of 4 GB of compressed data per file

Ans: A

233: Which of the following objects can be directly restored using the UNDROP command? (Choose two.)

A. Schema
B. View
C. Internal stage
D. Table
E. User
F. Role

Ans: AD

234. Which Snowflake SQL statement would be used to determine which users and roles have access to a role called MY_ROLE?

A. SHOW GRANTS OF ROLE MY_ROLE
B. SHOW GRANTS TO ROLE MY_ROLE
C. SHOW GRANTS FOR ROLE MY_ROLE
D. SHOW GRANTS ON ROLE MY_ROLE

Ans: A

235. What is the MINIMUM edition of Snowflake that is required to use a SCIM security integration?

A. Business Critical Edition
B. Standard Edition
C. Virtual Private Snowflake (VPS)
D. Enterprise Edition

Ans: B

236. A user created a transient table and made several changes to it over the course of several days. Three days after the table was created, the user would like to go back to the first version of the table.

How can this be accomplished?

A. Use Time Travel, as long as DATA_RETENTION_TIME_IN_DAYS was set to at least 3 days.
B. The transient table version cannot be retrieved after 24 hours.
C. Contact Snowflake Support to have the data retrieved from Fail-safe storage.
D. Use the FAIL_SAFE parameter for Time Travel to retrieve the data from Fail-safe storage.

Ans: B

237. When reviewing the load for a warehouse using the load monitoring chart, 
the chart indicates that a high volume of queries is always queuing in the warehouse.

According to recommended best practice, what should be done to reduce the queue volume? (Choose two.)

A. Use multi-clustered warehousing to scale out warehouse capacity.
B. Scale up the warehouse size to allow queries to execute faster.
C. Stop and start the warehouse to clear the queued queries.
D. Migrate some queries to a new warehouse to reduce load.
E. Limit user access to the warehouse so fewer queries are run against it.

Ans: AD

238.Which of the following features, associated with Continuous Data Protection (CDP), require additional Snowflake-provided data storage? (Choose two.)

A. Tri-Secret Secure
B. Time Travel
C. Fail-safe
D. Data encryption
E. External stages

Ans: BC

239. Where can a user find and review the failed logins of a specific user for the past 30 days?

A. The USERS view in ACCOUNT_USAGE
B. The LOGIN_HISTORY view in ACCOUNT_USAGE
C. The ACCESS_HISTORY view in ACCOUNT_USAGE
D. The SESSIONS view in ACCOUNT_USAGE

Ans: B

240. What is the purpose of an External Function?

A. To call code that executes outside of Snowflake
B. To run a function in another Snowflake database
C. To share data in Snowflake with external parties
D. To ingest data from on-premises data sources

Ans: A

External Functions allow you to execute code that resides outside of Snowflake, 
such as in an external system or service, and integrate the results seamlessly 
into Snowflake SQL queries. This enables Snowflake users to leverage external 
capabilities within their Snowflake environment.


241. Which of the following statements apply to Snowflake in terms of security? (Choose two.)

A. Snowflake leverages a Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) model.
B. Snowflake requires a user to configure an IAM user to connect to the database.
C. All data in Snowflake is encrypted.
D. Snowflake can run within a user's own Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
E. All data in Snowflake is compressed.

Ans: AC

242. A single user of a virtual warehouse has set the warehouse to auto-resume and auto-suspend after 10 minutes. The warehouse is currently suspended and the user performs the following actions:

1. Runs a query that takes 3 minutes to complete
2. Leaves for 15 minutes
3. Returns and runs a query that takes 10 seconds to complete
4. Manually suspends the warehouse as soon as the last query was completed

243. When the user returns, how much billable compute time will have been consumed?

A. 4 minutes
B. 10 minutes
C. 14 minutes
D. 24 minutes

Ans: C

244. What can be used to view warehouse usage over time? (Choose two.)

A. The LOAD HISTORY view
B. The query history view
C. The SHOW WAREHOUSES command
D. The WAREHOUSE_METERING_HISTORY view
E. The billing and usage tab in the Snowflake web UI

Ans: DE

245: What actions will prevent leveraging of the ResultSet cache? (Choose two.)

A. Removing a column from the query SELECT list
B. Stopping the virtual warehouse that the query is running against
C. Clustering of the data used by the query
D. Executing the RESULTS_SCAN() table function
E. Changing a column that is not in the cached query

Ans: AE

246. Which statement is true about running tasks in Snowflake?

A. A task can be called using a CALL statement to run a set of predefined SQL commands.
B. A task allows a user to execute a single SQL statement/command using a predefined schedule.
C. A task allows a user to execute a set of SQL commands on a predefined schedule.
D. A task can be executed using a SELECT statement to run a predefined SQL command.

Ans: C

247. Which data types does Snowflake support when querying semi-structured data? (Choose two.)

A. VARIANT
B. VARCHAR
C. XML
D. ARRAY
E. BLOB

Ans: AD

248. In an auto-scaling multi-cluster virtual warehouse with the setting SCALING_POLICY = ECONOMY enabled, when is another cluster started?

A. When the system has enough load for 2 minutes
B. When the system has enough load for 6 minutes
C. When the system has enough load for 8 minutes
D. When the system has enough load for 10 minutes
Ans: B

249. What is the following SQL command used for?

Select * from table(validate(t1, job_id => '_last'));

A. To validate external table files in table t1 across all sessions
B. To validate task SQL statements against table t1 in the last 14 days
C. To validate a file for errors before it gets executed using a COPY command
D. To return errors from the last executed COPY command into table t1 in the current session

Ans: D

250. A sales table FCT_SALES has 100 million records.

The following query was executed:

SELECT COUNT (1) FROM FCT_SALES;

How did Snowflake fulfill this query?

A. Query against the result set cache
B. Query against a virtual warehouse cache
C. Query against the most-recently created micro-partition
D. Query against the metadata cache

250. A sales table FCT_SALES has 100 million records.

The following query was executed:

SELECT COUNT (1) FROM FCT_SALES;

How did Snowflake fulfill this query?

A. Query against the result set cache
B. Query against a virtual warehouse cache
C. Query against the most-recently created micro-partition
D. Query against the metadata cache

Ans: D

250. What happens when a virtual warehouse is resized?

A. When increasing the size of an active warehouse the compute resource for all running and queued queries on the warehouse are affected.
B. When reducing the size of a warehouse the compute resources are removed only when they are no longer being used to execute any current statements.
C. The warehouse will be suspended while the new compute resource is provisioned and will resume automatically once provisioning is complete.
D. Users who are trying to use the warehouse will receive an error message until the resizing is complete.

Ans: B

251. What tasks can be completed using the COPY command? (Choose two.)

A. Columns can be aggregated.
B. Columns can be joined with an existing table.
C. Columns can be reordered.
D. Columns can be omitted.
E. Data can be loaded without the need to spin up a virtual warehouse.

Ans: CD

252. Which Snowflake layer can be configured?

A. Database Storage
B. Cloud Services
C. Query Processing
D. Application Services

Ans: C

253: Query compilation occurs in which architecture layer of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform?

A. Compute layer
B. Storage layer
C. Cloud infrastructure layer
D. Cloud services layer

Ans: D

Query compilation occurs in the cloud services layer of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform. 
The cloud services layer is one of three layers in Snowflake's architecture, along with the 
compute layer and storage layer. The cloud services layer handles query optimization, authentication, access control, and more.


254: If a size Small virtual warehouse is made up of two servers, how many servers make up a Large warehouse?

A. 4
B. 8
C. 16
D. 32

Ans: 8

255. A clustering key was defined on a table, but it is no longer needed.

How can the key be removed?

A. ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] PURGE CLUSTERING KEY
B. ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] DELETE CLUSTERING KEY
C. ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] DROP CLUSTERING KEY
D. ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] REMOVE CLUSTERING KEY

Ans: C

Explanation:

The DROP CLUSTERING KEY statement is used to remove the clustering key from the specified table.
The syntax follows the pattern: ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] DROP CLUSTERING KEY.

256. What is a core benefit of clustering?

A. To guarantee uniquely identifiable records in the database
B. To increase scan efficiency in queries by improving pruning
C. To improve performance by creating a separate file for point lookups
D. To provide data redundancy by duplicating micro-partitions

Ans: B

257. Which statement is true about Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) in Snowflake?

A. MFA can be enforced or applied for a given role.
B. Snowflake users are automatically enrolled in MFA.
C. Users enroll in MFA by submitting a request to Snowflake Support.
D. MFA is an integrated Snowflake feature.

Ans: D

258. What data type should be used to store JSON data natively in Snowflake?

A. JSON
B. String
C. Object
D. VARIANT

Ans: D

259. What should be considered when deciding to use a Secure View? (Choose two.)

A. No details of the query execution plan will be available in the query profiler.
B. Once created there is no way to determine if a view is secure or not.
C. Secure views do not take advantage of the same internal optimizations as standard views.
D. It is not possible to create secure materialized views.
E. The view definition of a secure view is still visible to users by way of the information schema.

Ans: AC

260. The information schema provides storage information for which of the following objects? (Choose two.)

A. Users
B. Databases
C. Internal stages
D. Resource monitors
E. Pipes

Ans: BC

261: What is a responsibility of Snowflake’s virtual warehouses?

A. Infrastructure management
B. Metadata management
C. Query execution
D. Query parsing and optimization
E. Management of the storage layer

Ans: C

262: Which data type is supported by Snowflake data classification?

A. Binary
B. Float
C. Geography
D. Variant

Ans: B

263:When unloading data to an external stage, which compression format can be used for Parquet files with the COPY INTO command?

A. BROTLI
B. GZIP
C. LZO
D. ZSTD


Ans: C - LZO:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/copy-into-location.html#type-parquet
Options
Default: Auto = Snappy
LZO
Snappy
None
Other options are:

LZO is for Parquet file and GZIP is for JSON file.

264. Which SQL command can be used to verify the privileges that are granted to a role?

A. SHOW GRANTS ON ROLE
B. SHOW ROLES
C. SHOW GRANTS TO ROLE
D. SHOW GRANTS FOR ROLE

Ans: D

265. Which Query Profile result indicates that a warehouse is sized too small?

A. There are a lot of filter nodes.
B. Bytes are spilling to external storage.
C. The number of processed rows is very high.
D. The number of partitions scanned is the same as partitions total.

Ans: B

266. What is the default Time Travel retention period?

A. 1 day
B. 7 days
C. 45 days
D. 90 days

Ans: A

267. Which of the following are best practice recommendations that should be considered when loading data into Snowflake? (Choose two.)

A. Load files that are approximately 25 MB or smaller.
B. Remove all dates and timestamps.
C. Load files that are approximately 100-250 MB (or larger).
D. Avoid using embedded characters such as commas for numeric data types.
E. Remove semi-structured data types.

Ans: CD

268. Which schema has the RESOURCE_MONITORS view?

A. ACCOUNT_USAGE
B. READER_ACCOUNT_USAGE
C. INFORMATION_SCHEMA
D. WAREHOUSE_USAGE_SCHEMA

Ans: B

269. What is the purpose of enabling Federated Authentication on a Snowflake account?

A. Disables the ability to use key pair and basic authentication (e.g., username/password) when connecting
B. Allows dual Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) when connecting to Snowflake
C. Forces users to connect through a secure network proxy
D. Allows users to connect using secure single sign-on (SSO) through an external identity provider

Ans: D

270. Which Snowflake partner category is represented at the top of this diagram (labeled 1)?



A. Business Intelligence
B. Machine Learning and Data Science
C. Security and Governance
D. Data Integration

Ans: D

271. Which object types are protected by Fail-safe? (Choose two.)

A. Permanent Tables
B. Temporary Tables
C. External Tables
D. Materialized Views
E. Transient Tables

Ans: AB ( check)

272. Snowflake's approach to the management of system access combines which of the following models? (Choose two.)

A. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)
B. Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
C. Identity Access Management (AM)
D. Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD)
E. Discretionary Access Control (DAC)
F. Mandatory Access Control (MAC)

Ans: BE

273. According to Snowflake best practice recommendations, which role should be used to create databases?

A. ACCOUNTADMIN
B. SYSADMIN
C. SECURITYADMIN
D. USERADMIN

Ans: B

274. To add or remove search optimization for a table, a user must have which of the following privileges or roles? (Choose two.)

A. The MODIFY privilege on the table
B. The OWNERSHIP privilege on the table
C. A SECURITYADMIN role
D. The ADD SEARCH OPTIMIZATION privilege on the schema that contains the table
E. The SELECT privilege on the table

Ans: BD

275. While using a COPY command with a Validation_mode parameter, which of the following statements will return an error?

A. Statements that insert a duplicate record during a load
B. Statements that have a specific data type in the source
C. Statements that have duplicate file names
D. Statements that transform data during a load

Ans: D

276. When is the result set cache no longer available? (Choose two.)

A. When another warehouse is used to execute the query
B. When another user executes the query
C. When the underlying data has changed
D. When the warehouse used to execute the query is suspended
E. When it has been 24 hours since the last query

Ans: CE

277.What is the recommended file sizing for data loading using Snowpipe?

A. A compressed file size greater than 100 MB, and up to 250 MB
B. A compressed file size greater than 100 GB, and up to 250 GB
C. A compressed file size greater than 10 MB, and up to 100 MB
D. A compressed file size greater than 1 GB, and up to 2 GB

Ans: A

278. Which statements are true concerning Snowflake’s underlying cloud infrastructure? (Choose three.)

A. Snowflake data and services are deployed in a single availability zone within a cloud provider’s region.
B. Snowflake data and services are available in a single cloud provider and a single region; the use of multiple cloud providers is not supported.
C. Snowflake can be deployed in a customer’s private cloud using the customer’s own compute and storage resources for Snowflake compute and storage.
D. Snowflake uses the core compute and storage services of each cloud provider for its own compute and storage.
E. All three layers of Snowflake’s architecture (storage, compute, and cloud services) are deployed and managed entirely on a selected cloud platform.
F. Snowflake data and services are deployed in at least three availability zones within a cloud provider’s region.

ANs: DEF

279. A user unloaded a Snowflake table called mytable to an internal stage called mystage.

Which command can be used to view the list of files that has been uploaded to the stage?

A. list @mytable;
B. list @%mytable;
C. list @%mystage;
D. list @mystage;

Ans: D

280. What is a best practice after creating a custom role?

A. Create the custom role using the SYSADMIN role.
B. Assign the custom role to the SYSADMIN role.
C. Assign the custom role to the PUBLIC role.
D. Add _CUSTOM to all custom role names.

Ans: B

281. Which is the MINIMUM required Snowflake edition that a user must have if they want to use AWS/Azure Privatelink or Google Cloud Private Service Connect?

A. Standard
B. Premium
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical

Ans: D

282: Which of the following query profiler variables will indicate that a virtual warehouse is not sized correctly for the query being executed?

A. Bytes sent over the network
B. Synchronization
C. Initialization
D. Remote spillage

Ans: D

283. Which of the following Snowflake capabilities are available in all Snowflake editions? (Choose two.)

A. Customer-managed encryption keys through Tri-Secret Secure
B. Automatic encryption of all data
C. Up to 90 days of data recovery through Time Travel
D. Object-level access control
E. Column-level security to apply data masking policies to tables and views

Ans: BD

Busines Critical and VPS
A. Customer-managed encryption keys through Tri-Secret Secure

Enterprise:
C. Up to 90 days of data recovery through Time Travel
E. Column-level security to apply data masking policies to tables and views

All:
B. Automatic encryption of all data
D. Object-level access control


284: A PUT command can be used to stage local files from which Snowflake interface?

A. SnowSQL
B. Snowflake classic web interface (UI)
C. Snowsight
D. .NET driver

Ans: A

285. Which of the following indicates that it may be appropriate to use a clustering key for a table? (Choose two.)

A. The table contains a column that has very low cardinality.
B. DML statements that are being issued against the table are blocked.
C. The table has a small number of micro-partitions.
D. Queries on the table are running slower than expected.
E. The clustering depth for the table is large.

Ans: DE

286. Which cache type is used to cache data output from SQL queries?

A. Metadata cache
B. Result cache
C. Remote cache
D. Local file cache

Ans: B

287. Which of the following describes how clustering keys work in Snowflake?

A. Clustering keys update the micro-partitions in place with a full sort, and impact the DML operations.
B. Clustering keys sort the designated columns over time, without blocking DML operations.
C. Clustering keys create a distributed, parallel data structure of pointers to a table's rows and columns.
D. Clustering keys establish a hashed key on each node of a virtual warehouse to optimize joins at run-time.

Ans: B

288. Which of the following operations require the use of a running virtual warehouse? (Choose two.)

A. Downloading data from an internal stage
B. Listing files in a stage
C. Executing a stored procedure
D. Altering a table
E. Querying data from a materialized view

Ans: CE

289.What is used to limit the credit usage of a virtual warehouse within a Snowflake account?

A. Load monitor
B. Resource monitor
C. Query Profile
D. Stream

Ans: B

290. What are the benefits of the replication feature in Snowflake? (Choose two.)

A. Disaster recovery
B. Time Travel
C. Fail-safe
D. Database failover and failback
E. Data security

Ans: AD

291. Which of the following roles are recommended to create and manage users and roles? (Choose two.)

A. SYSADMIN
B. SECURITYADMIN
C. PUBLIC
D. ACCOUNTADMIN
E. USERADMIN

Ans: BE

292. When can a newly configured virtual warehouse start running SQL queries?

A. After 50% of the warehouse provisioning has completed
B. During the time slots defined by the ACCOUNTADMIN
C. When the warehouse provisioning is completed
D. After the warehouse replication is completed

Ans: C

293. What actions will prevent leveraging of the ResultSet cache?

A. Removing a column from the query SELECT list
B. Stopping the virtual warehouse that the query is running against
C. If the result has not been reused within the last 12 hours
D. Executing the RESULTS_SCAN() table function

294. What actions will prevent leveraging of the ResultSet cache?

A. Removing a column from the query SELECT list
B. Stopping the virtual warehouse that the query is running against
C. If the result has not been reused within the last 12 hours
D. Executing the RESULTS_SCAN() table function

Ans: A

295. Which of the following are benefits of micro-partitioning? (Choose two.)

A. Micro-partitions cannot overlap in their range of values.
B. Micro-partitions are immutable objects that support the use of Time Travel.
C. Micro-partitions can reduce the amount of I/O from object storage to virtual warehouses.
D. Rows are automatically stored in sorted order within micro-partitions.
E. Micro-partitions can be defined on a schema-by-schema basis.

Ans: BC

296. Which data type can be used to store geospatial data in Snowflake?

A. Variant
B. Object
C. Geometry
D. Geography

Ans: D

297. If all virtual warehouse resources are maximized while processing a query workload, what will happen to new queries that are submitted to the warehouse?

A. All queries will terminate when the resources are maximized.
B. The warehouse will scale out automatically
C. The warehouse will move to a suspended state.
D. New queries will be queued and executed when capacity is available.

Ans: D

298. Masking policies can be applied to which of the following Snowflake objects? (Choose two.)

A. A materialized view
B. A stored procedure
C. A table
D. A stream
E. A pipe -
F. A User-Defined Function (UDF)

Ans: AC

299. What actions are supported by Snowflake resource monitors? (Choose two.)

A. Alert
B. Notify
C. Notify and suspend
D. Abort
E. Suspend immediately

Ans: BC

300. A user executes the following SQL query:

create table SALES_BKP like SALES;

What are the cost implications for processing this query?

A. Processing costs will be generated based on how long the query takes.
B. Storage costs will be generated based on the size of the data.
C. No costs will be incurred as the query will use metadata.
D. The cost for running the virtual warehouse will be charged by the second.

Ans: C





