301. What happens when an external or an internal stage is dropped? (Choose two.)

A. When dropping an external stage, the files are not removed and only the stage is dropped.
B. When dropping an external stage, both the stage and the files within the stage are removed.
C. When dropping an internal stage, the files are deleted with the stage and the files are recoverable.
D. When dropping an internal stage, the files are deleted with the stage and the files are not recoverable.
E. When dropping an internal stage, only selected files are deleted with the stage and are not recoverable.

Ans: AD

302. A user has 10 files in a stage containing new customer data. The ingest operation completes with no errors, using the following command:

COPY INTO my_table FROM @my_stage;

The next day the user adds 10 files to the stage so that now the stage contains a mixture of new customer data and updates to the previous data. The user did not remove the 10 original files.

If the user runs the same COPY INTO command what will happen?

A. All data from all of the files on the stage will be appended to the table.
B. Only data about new customers from the new files will be appended to the table.
C. The operation will fail with the error UNCERTAIN FILES IN STAGE.
D. All data from only the newly-added files will be appended to the table. 

Ans: D

303. Which parameter can be used to instruct a COPY command to verify data files instead of loading them into a specified table?

A. STRIP_NULL_VALUES
B. SKIP_BYTE_ORDER_MARK
C. REPLACE_INVALID_CHARACTERS
D. VALIDATION_MODE

Ans: D

304. Which of the following SQL statements will list the version of the drivers currently being used?

A. Execute SELECT CURRENT_ODBC_CLIENT(); from the Web UI
B. Execute SELECT CURRENT_JDBC_VERSION(); from SnowSQL
C. Execute SELECT CURRENT_CLIENT(); from an application
D. Execute SELECT CURRENT_VERSION(); from the Python Connector

Ans: B ( CHECK)

305. Which Snowflake technique can be used to improve the performance of a query?

A. Clustering
B. Indexing
C. Fragmenting
D. Using INDEX_HINTS
Ans:A

306. What happens to the shared objects for users in a consumer account from a share, once a database has been created in that account?

A. The shared objects are transferred.
B. The shared objects are copied.
C. The shared objects become accessible.
D. The shared objects can be re-shared.

Ans: C

307. Using variables in Snowflake is denoted by using which SQL character?

A. @
B. &
C. $
D. #

Ans: C

308. Which commands should be used to grant the privilege allowing a role to select data from all current tables and any tables that will be created later in a schema? (Choose two.)

A. grant USAGE on all tables in schema DB1.SCHEMA to role MYROLE;
B. grant USAGE on future tables in schema DB1.SCHEMA to role MYROLE;
C. grant SELECT on all tables in schema DB1.SCHEMA to role MYROLE;
D. grant SELECT on future tables in schema DB1.SCHEMA to role MYROLE;
E. grant SELECT on all tables in database DB1 to role MYROLE;
F. grant SELECT on future tables in database DB1 to role MYROLE;

Ans: CD

309. How can a user change which columns are referenced in a view?

A. Modify the columns in the underlying table
B. Use the ALTER VIEW command to update the view
C. Recreate the view with the required changes
D. Materialize the view to perform the changes

Ans: C

310. Which statement describes pruning?

A. The filtering or disregarding of micro-partitions that are not needed to return a query.
B. The return of micro-partitions values that overlap with each other to reduce a query's runtime.
C. A service that is handled by the Snowflake Cloud Services layer to optimize caching.
D. The ability to allow the result of a query to be accessed as if it were a table.

Ans: A

311. Which SQL command can be used to see the CREATE definition of a masking policy?

A. SHOW MASKING POLICIES
B. DESCRIBE MASKING POLICY
C. GET_DDL
D. LIST MASKING POLICIES

Ans: C

312. Which of the following is the Snowflake Account_Usage.Metering_History view used for?

A. Gathering the hourly credit usage for an account
B. Compiling an account's average cloud services cost over the previous month
C. Summarizing the throughput of Snowpipe costs for an account
D. Calculating the funds left on an account's contract
 
Ans: A

313. Query parsing and compilation occurs in which architecture layer of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform?

A. Cloud services layer
B. Compute layer
C. Storage layer
D. Cloud agnostic layer

Ans: A

Query compilation occurs in the Cloud Services layer of Snowflake's architecture. This layer is responsible for handling query parsing, optimization, authentication, and access control. It also performs other operations like metadata management, pruning, and query rewrite.

314. Which of the following Snowflake objects can be shared using a secure share? (Choose two.)

A. Materialized views
B. Sequences
C. Procedures
D. Tables
E. Secure User Defined Functions (UDFs)

Ans: DE

315. What happens to the underlying table data when a CLUSTER BY clause is added to a Snowflake table?

A. Data is hashed by the cluster key to facilitate fast searches for common data values
B. Larger micro-partitions are created for common data values to reduce the number of partitions that must be scanned
C. Smaller micro-partitions are created for common data values to allow for more parallelism
D. Data may be colocated by the cluster key within the micro-partitions to improve pruning performance 

Ans: D

316. Which of the following conditions must be met in order to return results from the results cache? (Choose two.)

A. The user has the appropriate privileges on the objects associated with the query.
B. Micro-partitions have been reclustered since the query was last run.
C. The new query is run using the same virtual warehouse as the previous query.
D. The query includes a User Defined Function (UDF).
E. The query has been run within 24 hours of the previously-run query.

Ans: AE

317. Which statement about billing applies to Snowflake credits?

A. Credits are billed per-minute with a 60-minute minimum.
B. Credits are used to pay for cloud data storage usage.
C. Credits are consumed based on the number of credits billed for each hour that a warehouse runs.
D. Credits are consumed based on the warehouse size and the time the warehouse is running.

Ans: D

318. A user needs to create a materialized view in the schema MYDB.MYSCHEMA.

Which statements will provide this access?

A. GRANT ROLE MYROLE TO USER USER1;
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW ON SCHEMA MYDB.MYSCHEMA TO ROLE MYROLE;
B. GRANT ROLE MYROLE TO USER USER1;
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW ON SCHEMA MYDB.MYSCHEMA TO USER USER1;
C. GRANT ROLE MYROLE TO USER USER1;
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW ON SCHEMA MYDB.MYSCHEMA TO USER1;
D. GRANT ROLE MYROLE TO USER USER1;
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW ON SCHEMA MYDB.MYSCHEMA TO MYROLE;

Ans: A

319. What is the purpose of multi-cluster virtual warehouses?

A. To create separate data warehouses to increase query optimization
B. To allow users the ability to choose the type of compute nodes that make up a virtual warehouse cluster
C. To eliminate or reduce queuing of concurrent queries
D. To allow the warehouse to resize automatically

Ans: C

320. Which of the following is a valid source for an external stage when the Snowflake account is located on Microsoft Azure?

A. An FTP server with TLS encryption
B. An HTTPS server with WebDAV
C. A Google Cloud storage bucket
D. A Windows server file share on Azure

Ans: C

321. Which database objects can be shared with the Snowflake secure data sharing feature? (Choose two.)

A. Files
B. External tables
C. Secure User-Defined Functions (UDFs)
D. Sequences
E. Streams

Ans: BC

322. Which statements reflect key functionalities of a Snowflake Data Exchange? (Choose two.)

A. If an account is enrolled with a Data Exchange, it will lose its access to the Snowflake Marketplace.
B. A Data Exchange allows groups of accounts to share data privately among the accounts.
C. A Data Exchange allows accounts to share data with third, non-Snowflake parties.
D. Data Exchange functionality is available by default in accounts using the Enterprise edition or higher.
E. The sharing of data in a Data Exchange is bidirectional. An account can be a provider for some datasets and a consumer for others.

Ans: BE

323. A Snowflake user executed a query and received the results. Another user executed the same query 4 hours later. The data had not changed.

What will occur?

A. No virtual warehouse will be used, data will be read from the result cache.
B. No virtual warehouse will be used, data will be read from the local disk cache.
C. The default virtual warehouse will be used to read all data.
D. The virtual warehouse that is defined at the session level will be used to read all data.

Ans: A

324. Which feature allows a user the ability to control the organization of data in a micro-partition?

A. Range Partitioning
B. Search Optimization Service
C. Automatic Clustering
D. Horizontal Partitioning

Ans: B ( Check)

325. Which privilege must be granted to a share to allow secure views the ability to reference data in multiple databases?

A. CREATE_SHARE on the account
B. SHARE on databases and schemas
C. SELECT on tables used by the secure view
D. REFERENCE_USAGE on databases

Ans: D

326. In which use case does Snowflake apply egress charges?

A. Data sharing within a specific region
B. Query result retrieval
C. Database replication
D. Loading data into Snowflake

Ans: C

327. Which of the following compute resources or features are managed by Snowflake? (Choose two.)

A. Execute a COPY command
B. Updating data
C. Snowpipe
D. AUTOMATIC_CLUSTERING
E. Scaling up a warehouse

Ans: CD

328. A materialized view should be created when which of the following occurs? (Choose two.)

A. There is minimal cost associated with running the query.
B. The query consumes many compute resources every time it runs.
C. The base table gets updated frequently.
D. The query is highly optimized and does not consume many compute resources.
E. The results of the query do not change often and are used frequently.

Ans: BE

329. What privilege should a user be granted to change permissions for new objects in a managed access schema?

A. Grant the OWNERSHIP privilege on the schema.
B. Grant the OWNERSHIP privilege on the database.
C. Grant the MANAGE GRANTS global privilege.
D. Grant ALL privileges on the schema.

Ans: A

330. What happens when a Data Provider revokes privileges to a share on an object in their source database?

A. The object immediately becomes unavailable for all Data Consumers.
B. Any additional data arriving after this point in time will not be visible to Data Consumers.
C. The Data Consumers stop seeing data updates and become responsible for storage charges for the object.
D. A static copy of the object at the time the privilege was revoked is created in the Data Consumers account.


Ans: A

331. Which command can be used to load data into an internal stage?

A. LOAD
B. COPY
C. GET
D. PUT

Ans: D

332. What is the MINIMUM Snowflake edition required to use the periodic rekeying of micro-partitions?

A. Enterprise
B. Business Critical
C. Standard
D. Virtual Private Snowflake

Ans: A

333. Which stage type can be altered and dropped?

A. Database stage
B. External stage
C. Table stage
D. User stage

Ans: B

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-stage
Internal and external stages both can be drooped.

334. Which Snowflake object enables loading data from files as soon as they are available in a cloud storage location?

A. Pipe
B. External stage
C. Task
D. Stream

Ans: A

335. A user is loading JSON documents composed of a huge array containing multiple records into Snowflake. The user enables the STRIP_OUTER_ARRAY file format option.

What does the STRIP_OUTER_ARRAY file format do?

A. It removes the last element of the outer array.
B. It removes the outer array structure and loads the records into separate table rows.
C. It removes the trailing spaces in the last element of the outer array and loads the records into separate table columns.
D. It removes the NULL elements from the JSON object eliminating invalid data and enables the ability to load the records.

Ans: B

336. Which of the following describes how multiple Snowflake accounts in a single organization relate to various cloud providers?

A. Each Snowflake account can be hosted in a different cloud vendor and region.
B. Each Snowflake account must be hosted in a different cloud vendor and region.
C. All Snowflake accounts must be hosted in the same cloud vendor and region.
D. Each Snowflake account can be hosted in a different cloud vendor, but must be in the same region.

Ans: A

337. If a Snowflake user decides a table should be clustered, what should be used as the cluster key?

A. The columns that are queried in the select clause.
B. The columns with very high cardinality.
C. The columns with many different values.
D. The columns most actively used in the select filters.

Ans: D

338. What are value types that a VARIANT column can store? (Choose two.)

A. STRUCT
B. OBJECT
C. BINARY
D. ARRAY
E. CLOB

Ans: BD

339. A company needs to read multiple terabytes of data for an initial load as part of a Snowflake migration. The company can control the number and size of CSV extract files.

How does Snowflake recommend maximizing the load performance?

A. Use auto-ingest Snowpipes to load large files in a serverless model.
B. Produce the largest files possible, reducing the overall number of files to process.
C. Produce a larger number of smaller files and process the ingestion with size Small virtual warehouses.
D. Use an external tool to issue batched row-by-row inserts within BEGIN TRANSACTION and COMMIT commands.

Ans: B

340. For non-materialized views, what column in Information Schema and Account Usage identifies whether a view is secure or not?

A. CHECK_OPTION
B. IS_SECURE
C. IS_UPDATEABLE
D. TABLE_NAME

Ans: B

341. The bulk data load history that is available upon completion of the COPY statement is stored where and for how long?

A. In the metadata of the target table for 14 days
B. In the metadata of the pipe for 14 days
C. In the metadata of the target table for 64 days
D. In the metadata of the pipe for 64 days

Ans: C

342. User INQUISITIVE_PERSON has been granted the role DATA_SCIENCE. The role DATA_SCIENCE has privileges OWNERSHIP on the schema MARKETING of the database ANALYTICS_DW.

Which command will show all privileges granted to that schema?

A. SHOW GRANTS ON ROLE DATA_SCIENCE
B. SHOW GRANTS ON SCHEMA ANALYTICS_DW.MARKETING
C. SHOW GRANTS TO USER INQUISITIVE_PERSON
D. SHOW GRANTS OF ROLE DATA_SCIENCE

Ans: B

343. Which of the following are characteristics of security in Snowflake?

A. Account and user authentication is only available with the Snowflake Business Critical edition.
B. Support for HIPAA and GDPR compliance is available for UI Snowflake editions.
C. Periodic rekeying of encrypted data is available with the Snowflake Enterprise edition and higher
D. Private communication to internal stages is allowed in the Snowflake Enterprise edition and higher.

Ans: C

344.hich of the following objects can be shared through secure data sharing?

A. Masking policy
B. Stored procedure
C. Task
D. External table

Ans: D

245. Which formats does Snowflake store unstructured data in? (Choose two.)

A. GeoJSON
B. Array
C. XML
D. Object
E. BLOB

Ans: BD

346. A user is preparing to load data from an external stage.

Which practice will provide the MOST efficient loading performance?

A. Organize files into logical paths
B. Store the files on the external stage to ensure caching is maintained
C. Use pattern matching for regular expression execution
D. Load the data in one large file

Ans: A

347. What effect does WAIT_FOR_COMPLETION = TRUE have when running an ALTER WAREHOUSE command and changing the warehouse size?

A. The warehouse size does not change until all queries currently running in the warehouse have completed.
B. The warehouse size does not change until all queries currently in the warehouse queue have completed.
C. The warehouse size does not change until the warehouse is suspended and restarted.
D. It does not return from the command until the warehouse has finished changing its size.

Ans: D

348. Which of the following can be used when unloading data from Snowflake? (Choose two.)

A. When unloading semi-structured data, it is recommended that the STRIP_OUTER_ARRAY option be used.
B. Use the ENCODING file format option to change the encoding from the default UTF-8.
C. The OBJECT_CONSTRUCT function can be used to convert relational data to semi-structured data.
D. By using the SINGLE = TRUE parameter, a single file up to 5 GB in size can be exported to the storage layer.
E. Use the PARSE_JSON function to ensure structured data will be unloaded into the VARIANT data type.

Ans: CD

349. What data is stored in the Snowflake storage layer? (Choose two.)

A. Snowflake parameters
B. Micro-partitions
C. Query history
D. Persisted query results
E. Standard and secure view results

Ans: BC

350. A data provider wants to share data with a consumer who does not have a Snowflake account. The provider creates a reader account for the consumer following these steps:

1. Created a user called "CONSUMER"
2. Created a database to hold the share and an extra-small warehouse to query the data
3. Granted the role PUBLIC the following privileges: Usage on the warehouse, database, and schema, and SELECT on all the objects in the share

Based on this configuration what is true of the reader account?

A. The reader account will automatically use the Standard edition of Snowflake.
B. The reader account compute will be billed to the provider account.
C. The reader account can clone data the provider has shared, but cannot re-share it.
D. The reader account can create a copy of the shared data using CREATE TABLE AS...

Ans: B




