Snowflake SnowPro Core Exam Actual Questions

https://www.examtopics.com/exams/snowflake/snowpro-core/view/2/



1. Snowflake provides a mechanism for its customers to override its natural clustering algorithms. This method is:

A. Micro-partitions
B. Clustering keys
C. Key partitions
D. Clustered partitions

https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/Snowflake-What-the-Cluster
Used to help keep all frequently accessed data in the same micro-partition for faster retrieval. This is only ideal for very large tables as Snowflake automatically clusters your data into micro-partitions. Using cluster keys will override Snowflake's natural clustering. 


2. Which of the following are valid Snowflake Virtual Warehouse Scaling Policies? (Choose two.)

A. Custom
B. Economy Most Voted
C. Optimized
D. Standard 


3. The Scaling Policy (Standard vs Economic). This policy will dictate when a warehouse should auto scale-out and back in.
Standard policy will focus on minimizing queuing where an Economic policy will look at fully utilizing the current cluster before adding an additional cluster
True or False: A single database can exist in more than one Snowflake account.

A. True
B. False

4. A database is a logical grouping of schemas. Each database belongs to a single Snowflake account.
A schema is a logical grouping of database objects (tables, views, etc.). Each schema belongs to a single database.
Which of the following roles is recommended to be used to create and manage users and roles?

A. SYSADMIN
B. SECURITYADMIN
C. PUBLIC
D. ACCOUNTADMIN
Here the answer should be SECURITYADMIN as it is parent of USERADMIN (which is the correct answer) More 
details: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations Attention By default, when your account is provisioned, the first user is assigned the ACCOUNTADMIN role. This user should then create one or more additional users who are assigned the USERADMIN role. All remaining users should be created by the user(s) with the USERADMIN role or another role that is granted the global CREATE USER privilege.


5. True or False: Bulk unloading of data from Snowflake supports the use of a SELECT statement.

A. True
B. False


https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-unload-overview#bulk-unloading-using-queries

6. Select the different types of Internal Stages: (Choose three.)

A. Named Stage
B. User Stage
C. Table Stage
D. Schema Stage
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-local-file-system-create-stage.html
 
7. True or False: A customer using SnowSQL / native connectors will be unable to also use the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) unless access to the UI is explicitly granted by support.
A. True
B. False

8.Account-level storage usage can be monitored via:

A. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) in the Databases section
B. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) in the Account -> Billing & Usage section
C. The Information Schema -> ACCOUNT_USAGE_HISTORY View
D. The Account Usage Schema -> ACCOUNT_USAGE_METRICS View
Classic Console
Click on Account  » Billing & Usage » Average Storage Used
This page displays the total average data storage for your account, as well as the total for all databases, internal and named stages, and data in Fail-safe.


https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-storage-considerations


9. Credit Consumption by the Compute Layer (Virtual Warehouses) is based on: (Choose two.)

A. Number of users
B. Warehouse size
C. Amount of data processed
D. # of clusters for the Warehouse
 
10. Which statement best describes `clustering`?

A. Clustering represents the way data is grouped together and stored within Snowflake's micro-partitions
B. The database administrator must define the clustering methodology for each Snowflake table
C. The clustering key must be included on the COPY command when loading data into Snowflake
D. Clustering can be disabled within a Snowflake account

11. True or False: The COPY command must specify a File Format in order to execute.

A. True
B. False
The correct answer is FALSE. The file format can be defined at the stage, table, or copy into command. Create Stage: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-stage.html Create Table (STAGE_FILE_FORMAT option): https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-table.html Copy Into: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/copy-into-table.html

12 . Which of the following commands sets the Virtual Warehouse for a session?
A. COPY WAREHOUSE FROM <<config file>>;
B. SET WAREHOUSE = <<warehouse name>>;
C. USE WAREHOUSE <<warehouse name>>;
D. USE VIRTUAL_WAREHOUSE <<warehouse name>>;

13. Which of the following objects can be cloned? (Choose four.)

A. Tables
B. Named File Formats
C. Schemas
D. Shares
E. Databases
F. Users
ABCE : Shares and Users cannot be cloned in Snowflake because they represent different types of objects and have different purposes. Shares represent shared access to data within Snowflake, and they cannot be cloned because access to data is controlled through the sharing mechanism, not through copying the share itself. Users represent individual accounts within Snowflake, and they cannot be cloned because each user account must have a unique name and must be associated with a unique set of permissions. Cloning a user would result in two users with the same name, which is not allowed in Snowflake. Instead of cloning Shares or Users, you can use the Snowflake GRANT command to manage access to data and permissions in Snowflake. The GRANT command allows you to control access to data by granting specific privileges to users, roles, or groups.


14: Which object allows you to limit the number of credits consumed within a Snowflake account?

A. Account Usage Tracking
B. Resource Monitor
C. Warehouse Limit Parameter
D. Credit Consumption Tracker
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/resource-monitors.html


15. Snowflake is designed for which type of workloads? (Choose two.)
A. OLAP (Analytics) workloads
B. OLTP (Transactional) workloads
C. Concurrent workloads
D. On-premise workloads

16. What are the three layers that make up Snowflake's architecture? (Choose three.)

A. Compute
B. Tri-Secret Secure
C. Storage
D. Cloud Services

17. Why would a customer size a Virtual Warehouse from an X-Small to a Medium?

A. To accommodate more queries
B. To accommodate more users
C. To accommodate fluctuations in workload
D. To accommodate a more complex workload

18.True or False: Reader Accounts incur no additional Compute costs to the Data Provider since they are simply reading the shared data without making changes.

A. True
B. False

19.Which of the following connectors allow Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) authorization when connecting? (Choose all that apply.)

A. JDBC
B. SnowSQL
C. Snowflake Web Interface (UI)
D. ODBC
E. Python
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-mfa.html


20. True or False: Snowflake charges a premium for storing semi-structured data.

A. True
B. False
https://www.examtopics.com/exams/snowflake/snowpro-core/view/3/


21.Which of the following statements describes a benefit of Snowflake's separation of compute and storage? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Growth of storage and compute are tightly coupled together
B. Storage expands without the requirement to add more compute
C. Compute can be scaled up or down without the requirement to add more storage
D. Multiple compute clusters can access stored data without contention

22. True or False: It is possible to unload structured data to semi-structured formats such as JSON and Parquet.
A. True
B. False

23. In which layer of its architecture does Snowflake store its metadata statistics?

A. Storage Layer
B. Compute Layer
C. Database Layer
D. Cloud Services Layer

24. Snowflake stores its metadata statistics in the Services layer of its architecture. This layer is responsible for managing and maintaining metadata about tables, columns, schemas, users, roles, and other objects within the Snowflake data warehouse. The metadata statistics help optimize query execution and provide valuable insights into the performance of the data warehouse. So, you can think of the Services layer as the brain behind Snowflake's efficient data management and analytics capabilities.
True or False: Data in fail-safe can be deleted by a user or the Snowflake team before it expires.
A. True
B. False

25. True or False: Snowflake's data warehouse was built from the ground up for the cloud in lieu of using an existing database or a platform, like Hadoop, as a base.
A. True
B. False

26. True. Snowflake's data warehouse was built from scratch specifically for the cloud environment, rather than being built on top of an existing database or platform like Hadoop. Snowflake was designed to leverage the scalability, elasticity, and flexibility of cloud computing to provide a highly performant and efficient data warehousing solution. This approach allowed Snowflake to optimize its architecture for cloud-native features and deliver a purpose-built data warehouse service.
Which of the following statements are true of Virtual Warehouses? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation
B. A Warehouse can be resized while running
C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity
D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted

The following statements are true of Virtual Warehouses in Snowflake:
A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation. B. A Warehouse can be resized while running. C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity. D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted.
All of these options are correct. Virtual Warehouses in Snowflake offer flexibility in terms of resizing, suspending, and auto-resuming, allowing customers to optimize resource allocation and cost-efficiency based on their workload requirements. So, you've got all the right answers! Good job!


27.The PUT command: (Choose two.)

A. Automatically creates a File Format object
B. Automatically uses the last Stage created
C. Automatically compresses files using Gzip
D. Automatically encrypts files
The PUT command does not automatically create a File Format object or automatically encrypt files.
However, it does automatically use the last Stage created, which refers to the Snowflake object used to store the files being uploaded.
So, the correct options are:
B. Automatically uses the last Stage created. C. Automatically compresses files using Gzip.


28. Which type of table corresponds to a single Snowflake session?

A. Temporary
B. Transient
C. Provisional
D. Permanent

29.The type of table that corresponds to a single Snowflake session is a Temporary table. 
Temporary tables in Snowflake are session-specific and are automatically dropped at the end of the session or transaction. 
They are useful for temporary data storage and are not persisted beyond the session in which they are created. 
Which interfaces can be used to create and/or manage Virtual Warehouses?

A. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI)
B. SQL commands
C. Data integration tools
D. All of the above

30.When a Pipe is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command:

A. The Pipe load history is reset to empty
B. The REFRESH parameter is set to TRUE
C. Previously loaded files will be ignored
D. All of the above

31.When a Pipe is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command:

A. The Pipe load history is reset to empty: This statement is true. When a Pipe is recreated, the load history associated 
with it is reset, and the new Pipe starts with an empty load history.
B. The REFRESH parameter is set to TRUE: This statement is false. The CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command does 
not affect or modify the REFRESH parameter of the Pipe. It retains its previous value.
C. Previously loaded files will be ignored: This statement is false. When a Pipe is recreated, 
it does not affect or ignore previously loaded files. The Pipe will continue to process files as per its configuration.
Therefore, the correct answer is:
A. The Pipe load history is reset to empty.
https://www.examtopics.com/exams/snowflake/snowpro-core/view/4/

32. What is the minimum Snowflake edition that customers planning on storing protected information in Snowflake should consider for regulatory compliance?

A. Standard
B. Premier
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical Edition

33. Select the three types of tables that exist within Snowflake. (Choose three.)
A. Temporary
B. Transient
C. Provisional
D. Permanent

34. True or False: Snowpipe via REST API can only reference External Stages as source.
A. True
B. False
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-rest-gs


35. True or False: A third-party tool that supports standard JDBC or ODBC but has no Snowflake-specific driver will be unable to connect to Snowflake.
A. True
B. False
I vote False. As long as you support JDBC or ODBC, you should be able to connect to Snowflake https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/drivers

36. True or False: It is possible to load data into Snowflake without creating a named File Format object.
A. True
B. False

37.Which of the following statements are true of Snowflake data loading? (Choose three.)

A. VARIANT ג€nullג€ values are not the same as SQL NULL values
B. It is recommended to do frequent, single row DMLs
C. It is recommended to validate the data before loading into the Snowflake target table
D. It is recommended to use staging tables to manage MERGE statements

38.Which statements are true of micro-partitions? (Choose two.)

A. They are approximately 16MB in size
B. They are stored compressed only if COMPRESS=TRUE on Table
C. They are immutable
D. They are only encrypted in the Enterprise edition and above

39. True or False: Query ID's are unique across all Snowflake deployments and can be used in communication with Snowflake Support to help troubleshoot issues.
A. True
B. False

41. A deterministic query is run at 8am, takes 5 minutes, and the results are cached. Which of the following statements are true? (Choose two.)

A. The exact query will ALWAYS return the precomputed result set for the RESULT_CACHE_ACTIVE = time period
B. The same exact query will return the precomputed results if the underlying data hasn't changed and the results were last accessed within previous 24 hour period
C. The same exact query will return the precomputed results even if the underlying data has changed as long as the results were last accessed within the previous 24 hour period
D. The ג€24 hourג€ timer on the precomputed results gets renewed every time the exact query is executed

42. Increasing the maximum number of clusters in a Multi-Cluster Warehouse is an example of:

A. Scaling rhythmically
B. Scaling max
C. Scaling out
D. Scaling up
Snowflake supports two ways to scale warehouses: Scale up by resizing a warehouse. Scale out by adding clusters to a
multi-cluster warehouse (requires Snowflake Enterprise Edition or higher).

43. Which item in the Data Warehouse migration process does not apply in Snowflake?

A. Migrate Users
B. Migrate Schemas
C. Migrate Indexes
D. Build the Data Pipeline

Ans: Migrate Indexes

44. Snowflake provides two mechanisms to reduce data storage costs for short-lived tables. These mechanisms are: (Choose two.)

A. Temporary Tables
B. Transient Tables
C. Provisional Tables
D. Permanent Tables

Ans: A,B

45. What is the maximum compressed row size in Snowflake?

A. 8KB
B. 16MB
C. 50MB
D. 4000GB

Ans:  16MB

46. Which of the following are main sections of the top navigation of the Snowflake Web Interface (UI)? (Choose three.)

A. Databases
B. Tables
C. Warehouses
D. Worksheets

Ans: A, C, D

47. What is the recommended Snowflake data type to store semi-structured data like JSON?

A. VARCHAR
B. RAW
C. LOB
D. VARIANT

Ans: D

Reason: The recommended Snowflake data type to store semi-structured data like JSON is VARIANT 
because it allows for flexible storage of data with varying structures and types within the same column. 
It can efficiently handle complex and nested data without requiring predefined schemas or fixed structures.

48. Which of the following statements are true of Snowflake releases: (Choose two.)

A. They happen approximately weekly
B. They roll up and release approximately monthly, but customers can request early release application
C. During a release, new customer requests/queries/connections transparently move over to the newer version
D. A customer is assigned a 30 minute window (that can be moved anytime within a week) during which the system will be unavailable and customer is upgraded

Ans: C, A

49. Which of the following are common use cases for zero-copy cloning? (Choose three.)

A. Quick provisioning of Dev and Test/QA environments
B. Data backups
C. Point in time snapshots
D. Performance optimization

Ans: A,B,C

50. If a Small Warehouse is made up of 2 servers/cluster, how many servers/cluster make up a Medium Warehouse?
A. 4
B. 16
C. 32
D. 128

Ans: A

51. True or False: When a data share is established between a Data Provider and a Data Consumer, the Data Consumer can extend that data share to other Data
Consumers.
A. True
B. False


Ans: B (Consumer can't re-shared DB object to another consumer.)
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-share-consumers.html

52: Which is true of Snowflake network policies? A Snowflake network policy: (Choose two.)
A. Is available to all Snowflake Editions
B. Is only available to customers with Business Critical Edition
C. Restricts or enables access to specific IP addresses
D. Is activated using an ג€ALTER DATABASEג€ command

Ans: A, C
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-policy

53. True or False: Snowflake charges additional fees to Data Providers for each Share they create.
A. True
B. False

Ans: B

According to the documentation sited:

"The costs for sharing data with Snowflake are minimal and straightforward. 
Data providers simply pay Snowflake for the data they store, and 
data consumers pay for the compute resources their queries consume."

54. Query results are stored in the Result Cache for how long after they are last accessed, assuming no data changes have occurred?
A. 1 Hour
B. 3 Hours
C. 12 hours
D. 24 hours

Ans: D

55. A role is created and owns 2 tables. This role is then dropped. Who will now own the two tables? 
A. The tables are now orphaned
B. The user that deleted the role
C. SYSADMIN
D. The assumed role that dropped the role

Ans: D (re-check)

56. Which of the following connectors are available in the Downloads section of the Snowflake Web Interface (UI)? (Choose two.)
A. SnowSQL
B. ODBC
C. R
D. HIVE

Ans: A, B

57. Which of the following DML commands isn't supported by Snowflake?
A. UPSERT
B. MERGE
C. UPDATE
D. TRUNCATE TABLE

Ans: A (re-check)

58. Which of the following statements is true of zero-copy cloning?

A. Zero-copy clones increase storage costs as cloning the table requires storing its data twice
B. All zero-copy clone objects inherit the privileges of their original objects
C. Zero-copy cloning is licensed as an additional Snowflake feature
D. At the instance/instant a clone is created, all micro-partitions in the original table and the clone are fully shared

Ans: D

59. True or False: When a user creates a role, they are initially assigned ownership of the role and they maintain ownership until it is transferred to another user.
A. True
B. False

Ans: B

60. The Query History in the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) is kept for approximately:
A. 60 minutes
B. 24 hours
C. 14 days
D. 30 days
E. 1 year

Ans: C

61: To run a Multi-Cluster Warehouse in auto-scale mode, a user would:
A. Configure the Maximum Clusters setting to ג€Auto-Scaleג€
B. Set the Warehouse type to ג€Autoג€
C. Set the Minimum Clusters and Maximum Clusters settings to the same value
D. Set the Minimum Clusters and Maximum Clusters settings to the different values

Ans: D

62.Which of the following terms best describes Snowflake's database architecture?
A. Columnar shared nothing
B. Shared disk
C. Multi-cluster, shared data
D. Cloud-native shared memory

Ans: C

Built from the ground up for the cloud, Snowflake’s unique multi-cluster shared 
data architecture delivers the performance, scale, elasticity, and concurrency today’s organizations require.
https://www.snowflake.com/product/architecture/

63. Which of the following are options when creating a Virtual Warehouse? (Choose two.)
A. Auto-drop
B. Auto-resize
C. Auto-resume
D. Auto-suspend

Ans: C,D

The answer is correct. When creating a warehouse, you could assign auto-suspend time 
from 5 minutes to never and you could tick the auto-resume function 
( it is ticked by default). The function means that if you stock use the warehouse, 
the warehouse will be suspended by your assigned auto suspended time and auto-resume when you start to query

64. Fail-safe is unavailable on which table types? (Choose two.)
A. Temporary
B. Transient
C. Provisional
D. Permanent

Ans: A,B

65. A Virtual Warehouse's auto-suspend and auto-resume settings apply to:
A. The primary cluster in the Virtual Warehouse
B. The entire Virtual Warehouse
C. The database the Virtual Warehouse resides in
D. The queries currently being run by the Virtual Warehouse

Ans: B

66. Which of the following objects is not covered by Time Travel?
A. Tables
B. Schemas
C. Databases
D. Stages

Ans: D

67. True or False: Micro-partition metadata enables some operations to be completed without requiring Compute.
A. True
B. False

Ans: A

68. Which of the following commands are not blocking operations? (Choose two.)
A. UPDATE
B. INSERT
C. MERGE
D. COPY

69. Which of the following commands are not blocking operations? (Choose two.)
A. UPDATE
B. INSERT
C. MERGE
D. COPY

Ans: BD

70. Which of the following is true of Snowpipe via REST API? (Choose two.)
A. You can only use it on Internal Stages
B. All COPY INTO options are available during pipe creation
C. Snowflake automatically manages the compute required to execute the Pipe's COPY INTO commands
D. Snowpipe keeps track of which files it has loaded

Ans CD, (RE-check)

71. Snowflake recommends, as a minimum, that all users with the following role(s) should be enrolled in Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA):
A. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, PUBLIC, SYSADMIN
B. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, SYSADMIN
C. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN
D. ACCOUNTADMIN

Ans: D

At a minimum, Snowflake strongly recommends that all users with the ACCOUNTADMIN role be required to use MFA.

72. When can a Virtual Warehouse start running queries?
A. 12am-5am
B. Only during administrator defined time slots
C. When its provisioning is complete
D. After replication

Ans: C

its C as the warehouse start executing the query after the provisioning. 
there is not specific time slot and no provision when an accountadmin specify a 
time window as long as the warehouse is running and the user have right privilege

73. True or False: Users are able to see the result sets of queries executed by other users that share their same role.
A. True
B. False

Ans: B
A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed. 
This behavior is intentional. For security reasons, only the user 
who executed a query can access the query results.


74. True or False: The user has to specify which cluster a query will run on in a multi-cluster Warehouse.
A. True
B. False

Ans: B
A user has to select a WAREHOUSE not a specific cluster within the warehouse.

75. True or False: Pipes can be suspended and resumed.
A. True
B. False

Ans: A

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-intro.html#pausing-or-resuming-pipes
Pausing or Resuming Pipes
In addition to the pipe owner, a role that has the following minimum permissions can pause or resume the pipe

76. Which of the following languages can be used to implement Snowflake User Defined Functions (UDFs)? (Choose two.)
A. Java
B. Javascript
C. SQL
D. Python

Ans : ABCD

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview

77. When should you consider disabling auto-suspend for a Virtual Warehouse? (Choose two.)
A. When users will be using compute at different times throughout a 24/7 period
B. When managing a steady workload
C. When the compute must be available with no delay or lag time
D. When you do not want to have to manually turn on the Warehouse each time a user needs it

Ans: BC

You might want to consider disabling auto-suspend for a warehouse if:
You have a heavy, steady workload for the warehouse.
You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. 
Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); 
however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of 
compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

78. Which of the following are valid approaches to loading data into a Snowflake table? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Bulk copy from an External Stage
B. Continuous load using Snowpipe REST API
C. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) data loading wizard
D. Bulk copy from an Internal Stage

Ans: ABCD

ABCD are correct, data can be loaded into snowflake table from internal stage using bulk copying.

79. If auto-suspend is enabled for a Virtual Warehouse, the Warehouse is automatically suspended when:
A. All Snowflakes sessions using the Warehouse are terminated.
B. The last query using the Warehouse completes.
C. There are no users logged into Snowflake.
D. The Warehouse is inactive for a specified period of time.

Ans. D

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html#auto-suspension-and-auto-resumption

80. True or False: Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) in Snowflake is only supported in conjunction with Single Sign-On (SSO).
A. True
B. False

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) in Snowflake is not only supported in 
conjunction with Single Sign-On (SSO). MFA can be used independently of SSO.

81. The number of queries that a Virtual Warehouse can concurrently process is determined by (Choose two.):
A. The complexity of each query
B. The CONCURRENT_QUERY_LIMIT parameter set on the Snowflake account
C. The size of the data required for each query
D. The tool that is executing the query.

Ans. AC

82. Which of the following statements are true of VALIDATION_MODE in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. The VALIDATION_MODE option is used when creating an Internal Stage
B. VALIDATION_MODE=RETURN_ALL_ERRORS is a parameter of the COPY command
C. The VALIDATION_MODE option will validate data to be loaded by the COPY statement while completing the load and will return the rows that could not be loaded without error
D. The VALIDATION_MODE option will validate data to be loaded by the COPY statement without completing the load and will return possible errors

Ans. BD

he VALIDATION_MODE copy option instructs a COPY statement to validate the 
data to be loaded and return results based on the validation option specified.
No data is loaded when this copy option is specified. For more information about the copy option, see COPY INTO <table>.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-bulk-ts#step-2-validating-the-data-load

83. What privileges are required to create a task?
A. The GLOBAL privilege CREATE TASK is required to create a new task.
B. Tasks are created at the Application level and can only be created by the Account Admin role.
C. Many Snowflake DDLs are metadata operations only, and CREATE TASK DDL can be executed without virtual warehouse requirement or task specific grants.
D. The role must have access to the target schema and the CREATE TASK privilege on the schema itself.

Ans: D

The role must have access to the target schema and the CREATE TASK 
privilege on the schema itself: The role executing the CREATE TASK statement 
must have access privileges on the schema where the task will be created. 
This includes having the necessary privileges to create objects within the schema. 
Typically, the role needs the CREATE TASK privilege granted on the specific schema.

84. What are the three things customer want most from their enterprise data warehouse solution? (Choose three.)
A. On-premise availability
B. Simplicity
C. Open source based
D. Concurrency
E. Performance

Ans: BDE

85. True or False: Some queries can be answered through the metadata cache and do not require an active Virtual Warehouse.
A. True
B. False

Ans: A

Metadata queries can be done as metadata is stored in the services layer 
and does not require the compute layer to spin up a vm to access the storage layer.

86. When scaling out by adding clusters to a multi-cluster warehouse, you are primarily scaling for improved:
A. Concurrency
B. Performance

Ans: A

87. What is the minimum Snowflake edition that provides data sharing?
A. Standard
B. Premier
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical Edition

Ans. A

Data sharing is possible in the Standard Edition also.
VPS (Virtual Private Snowflake) does not support Secure Data 
Sharing due to the current limitations against sharing data across regions.
Standard and Enterprise Editions support Secure Data Sharing with the usual caveats.

88.True or False: Each worksheet in the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) can be associated with different roles, databases, schemas, and Virtual Warehouses.
A. True
B. False

Ans: A

89. True or False: You can query the files in an External Stage directly without having to load the data into a table.
A. True
B. False

Ans. A

Snowflake supports using standard SQL to query data files located in an internal 
(i.e. Snowflake) stage or named external (Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure) stage. 
This can be useful for inspecting/viewing the contents of the staged files, particularly before loading or after unloading data.

90.The FLATTEN function is used to query which type of data in Snowflake?
A. Structured data
B. Semi-structured data
C. Both of the above
D. None of the above

Ans. B

91. True or False: An active warehouse is required to run a COPY INTO statement.
A. True
B. False

Ans: A
COPY INTO table basically rights data into Micro Partition. 
To access the micro partition it requires a active warehouse to pass thru right. 
To access the storage it should pass thru the warehouse. it should be active. 
even if its suspended, upon receiving a Query the warehouse will resume and come into active to execute the query.

92. True or False: AWS Private Link provides a secure connection from the Customer's on-premise data center to the Snowflake.
A. True
B. False

Ans: B

AWS Private Link is a service that enables you to access services over a 
private connection from your Amazon VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) without using public IPs.
While it provides a secure connection to AWS services, it doesn't extend the connection 
to on-premise data centers directly. It is focused on connecting within the AWS environment.

93.True or False: Snowflake's Global Services Layer gathers and maintains statistics on all columns in all micro-partitions.
A. True
B. False

Ans. B. False

Snowflake's Global Services Layer doesn't gather and maintain statistics on all 
columns in all micro-partitions. Instead, it collects and maintains metadata and 
statistics for query optimization purposes. While it does collect some statistics, 
it's not on every column in every micro-partition.

94. True or False: It is best practice to define a clustering key on every table.
A. True
B. False

Ans: B

95. Which of the following statements is true of Snowflake?
A. It was built specifically for the cloud
B. It was built as an on-premises solution and then ported to the cloud
C. It was designed as a hybrid database to allow customers to store data either on premises or in the cloud
D. It was built for Hadoop architecture
E. It's based on an Oracle Architecture

Ans: A

96. What is the minimum Snowflake edition that provides multi-cluster warehouses and up to 90 days of Time Travel?
A. Standard
B. Premier
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical Edition

Ans: C
Standard Offer Timetravel up to 1 day. Enterprise + edition offer up to 90 days.

97. How many shares can be consumed by a single Data Consumer?
A. 1
B. 10
C. 100, but can be increased by contacting support
D. Unlimited

Ans: D

98. What is the lowest Snowflake edition that offers Time Travel up to 90 days?
A. Standard Edition
B. Premier Edition
C. Enterprise Edition
D. Business Critical Edition

Ans: C

99. Which of the following statements are true about Schemas in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. A Schema may contain one or more Databases
B. A Database may contain one or more Schemas
C. A Schema is a logical grouping of Database Objects
D. Each Schema is contained within a Warehouse

Ans: BC

100. True or False: You can resize a Virtual Warehouse while queries are running.
A. True
B. False

Ans: A

101. What is the most granular object that the Time Travel retention period can be defined on?
A. Account
B. Database
C. Schema
D. Table

Ans: D
Time Travel retention periods can be defined at the table level in Snowflake, 
allowing for granular control over how far back in time data can be recovered.



























































